# Uyeda's Reflection about GPS 1.1

1. Prior to the GPS session, I was struggling with remembering the syntax for how to clone a repository and how to use pull/push requests. I know that the syntax will come with repeated practice. 
2. During the GPS session, and in my feedback, our guide clarified how to write a good commit message. I learned that commit messages should be in the imperative and not include the file name (as we were doing in our GPS). I also learned the difference between the commands
    `git add . <file name>`
    `git add .`
It was made clear to never use ```git add .``` since you could unknowingly add files that you are not aware of when adding all the contents at once.
3. I asked my pair about the roles of driving versus navigating and how to go about defining these roles. I also asked my pair about several of the shortcuts I noticed he was using. My pair was also good at jumping in and helping me with the syntax when it looked like I was stuck. I asked our guide more about the rules of GPS, like should we look at the release prior to participating in the GPS. I also asked the guide to clarify some of the instructions when they were not clear. 
4. What still confuses me about Git are the merge conflicts. My partner and I did well resolving our merge conflict, but when I went to read the article listed in the instructions ([found here](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16490873/how-to-avoid-git-conflicts-in-a-team)) the language about avoiding merge conflicts confused me. It seems like the author gave great ideas for avoiding merge conflicts, but it was way over my head. Another thing that confuses me about Git is the difference between `git fetch` and `git pull`.
5. My first experience was nerve-racking! I couldn't log into Canvas and my guide suggested I clear my cache. When I did this, I was kicked out of Google Hangouts and my Chrome completely crashed. My computer picked this moment to quit altogether and it took me a good fifteen minutes to get back online and working with my pair. This setback definitely distracted me during the GPS. In the future, I need to be more resilient from technology issues like this one. As soon as I'm reconnected, I need to let the problem go so that I can be more present during the GPS. I enjoyed working with another person, even though I was nervous about letting him down. My pair was very easygoing, even when I made mistakes. This first GPS taught me that I really am my worst critic and perhaps I need to be more supportive of myself, more like the people I worked with during the GPS.
